Blog: How to think about your first A/B test (why, when, and where) (#7511)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/customers/4dayweek.md

### Increasing conversions with social proof and A/B testing

> Phil was familiar with the _concept_ of A/B testing, but had never tried running a test before. Thankfully, with a little help from ChatGPT and [PostHog’s documentation](/tutorials/categories/experimentation), he quickly got up to speed and began planning [how to run A/B tests](/product-engineers/your-first-ab-test) that could make 4DayWeek even more successful.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phil was familiar with the _concept_ of A/B testing, but had never tried running a test before. Thankfully, with a little help from ChatGPT and [PostHog’s documentation](/tutorials/categories/experimentation), he quickly got up to speed and began planning [how to run A/B tests](/product-engineers/how-to-do-ab-testing) that could make 4DayWeek even more successful.  
```
